ANJU RANI

Contact: +91-9996796726

E-Mail: jangra.anju93@gmail.com





OBJECTIVE



To work with an organisation that gives opportunity to learn and grow & at the same time present with a chance to contribute towards the organisation growth.





EXPERIENCE



Worked for 6 months as HR Executive with Alliance Employment Solution Pvt. Ltd. 



Roles & Responsibilities 

Handling end-to-end recruitment cycles.

Sourcing and screening of candidates through job portals (Naukari, Monster and Shine).

Coordinated and conducted personal/Telephonic interviews at various levels.

Handling other HR operations activity.



Skills

Good knowledge of EPF, ESI, Bonus, Gratuity &Labour laws.

Designing Salary Breakup.

Payroll Processing.

Leave Management.

Time Management.

Recruitment Cycle.





SAP TRAINING



SAP Human Capital Management with SAP ERP ECC 6.0 version.





SAP HCM SKILLS



Enterprise Structure

     Client, Company Code, Personnel Area, Personnel Subarea, Employee Group, Employee Subgroup.



Organizational Management (OM):

    Organizational Structures, Reporting Structures, organizational and staffing mode, Expert Mode and Simple                            Maintenance mode. Creation of organizational objects: Organization units, Jobs and positions using Expert mode.



Personnel Administration (PA):

     Strong knowledge of enterprise structure, maintenance Master Data, Assignments of Personal Area, Personal Subarea, Employee group, Employee subgroup. Configuration of Payroll area, Payroll control record and Maintenance of Info types.



Recruitment

     Maintenance Advertisements, Create Postings.



Time Management (TM):

     Work Schedules, Absences, Break Schedules, Daily Work Schedules, Period Work Schedule, Holiday Calendar, Work Schedule Rule, Deduction Rule, Selection Rule, and Base entitlement, Absence Quota. 



Payroll:

    Configured payroll procedures using IMG by defining parameters of payroll module like period modifiers, date modifiers,                                   

Payroll Area and respective control records. Created wage type and check wage type group for basic pay, additional payments, and recurring payments, defined their characteristics.    







TECHNICAL SKILLS



ERP SAP R/3

Good knowledge of Ms Word, PowerPoint, Excel 

Certification course on C Language

Good knowledge of internet



QUALITATIVE SKILLS



Willingness to work in group

Good communication and personal skills

Good in dealing with different type of people

Extremely dedicated towards work efficiency while working individually and team as well

Confident and love to learn new things & detail conscious





PROFESSIONAL TRAINING& PROJECTS



MBA (SEM 1): E-Business Project

MBA (SEM 3): A study of project in Work Engagement And Organizational Commitment Among Higher Educational Professionals: an empirical study

Summer training in HR for 8 weeks from Saurav Chemicals Ltd, Derabassi (Punjab)

Professional HR Generalist practical training of 2 months (June 2017to July2017) from G&B Training and Placement, Chandigarh.

SAP HR training in all covering human resource modules of 4 months (September 2017 to December 2017) from G&B Training and Placement, Chandigarh.





ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS



MBA (HR and Marketing) from University School of Management, Kurukshetra University Kurukshetra in 2017.

PGDCA from Directorate of Distance Education, Kurukshetra University Kurukshetra in 2015.

BA (Maths and Psychology) from D.N. College, Kurukshetra University Kurukshetra in 2013.

12thArts and Maths from BSEH in 2010 with 75.4% marks

10th from BSEH in 2008 with 70% marks.



EE

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES



Participated as NSS volunteer in a 7-days camp

Participated as a player in Senior National KHO-KHO Championship 2010-11 held in Mumbai, Maharashtra

Participated as a player in Haryana state school tournament and got 10th position

Participated in poster making event of an annual function (The Croissance-2016) of the department 

Participated in B-Plan and Nukkad Natak event of an annual function (Croissance-2017) of the department 

Presented a paper titled “Climate Change In Indian Agriculture” at the national seminar on De-Risking Indian Agriculture: Crop Insurance Way supported by the NABARD

Participated in Mathematics Essay Writing Competition of the college and got 3rd prize

Certification course in Counselling & Psycho-Therapy





PERSONAL DETAILS



Data of Birth:  10th APRIL 1992

Nationality:  Indian 

Passport:                                                Yes

Languages Known: English, Hindi

Address                                                  H.no. 1142/8, Dukhbhanjan Colony, Kurukshetra (HR)- 136119

